give me a mic
thank you how do you do ladies and
gentlemen this is Orson Welles I'm
speaking for the Mercury Theatre and
what follows is supposed to advertise
our first motion picture Citizen Kane is
the title and we hope it can correctly
be called a coming attraction it's
certainly coming coming to this theater
and I think our mercury actors make it
an attraction I'd like you to meet them
speaking of attractions while the chorus
girls are certain in attraction but
frankly ladies and gentlemen we're just
showing you the chorus girls for
purposes of ballet oh it's pretty nice
Valley whoo but here's some of our real
mercury people this is the first time
you've seen most of them on the screen a
gives you a little light Thanks
now smile for the folks show smile
Joseph Cotten ladies and gentlemen
that's it Joseph Cotten I think you're
going to see a lot of him his ruth
warwick whom I know you love Ruth the
camera Ruth we caught Ruth with her hair
up and here's somebody vault heard on
the radio so I don't have to tell you is
wonderful ray Collins
Dorothy common gore is a name I'm going
to repeat dorothy common gore I won't
have to repeat it much longer you'll be
repeating it and here's George colorist
who's a grand actor I'll say that name
again George Caloris watch it here comes
Everett Sloane look out Everett oops
Everett Sloane ladies and gentlemen he
isn't necessarily a comedian and here's
one of the best in the world
Agnes Moorehead I've said a lot of nice
things but Erskine Sanford deserves some
more Erskine Erskine Sanford so does
Paul Paul Paul Stewart everybody Citizen
Kane is a modern American story about a
man called Kane Charles Foster Kane I
don't know how to tell you about him
there's so many things to say I'll turn
you over instead to the characters in
the picture as you'll see they feel very
strongly on the subject Charles Foster
Kane
is it
joy he started the war but do you think
if it had been for mr. cave the United
States would have the Panama Canal
I was Foster King is nothing more or
less and I've communist hey governor
listen when the voters of this state and
mrs. Kane learned what I found out about
mr. Kane and a certain little blondie
named Susan Alexander he couldn't be
elected dogcatcher I'm gonna skin mr.
Charles Foster Kane alive I'm gonna
marry him next week at the White House
Emily I hear you've been steppin out
with Charlie Kane I did of course I
loved him I gave him 60 million dollars
well of course I loved it
he's a richest man in America oh but all
the girly about him at first but you
know I can't help but admire him it's
crazy it's wonderful ladies and
gentlemen I don't know what you'll think
about mr. Kane I can't imagine you see I
play the part my scope well Kane is a
hero and a scoundrel a no-account a
swell guy a great lover a great American
citizen and a dirty dog it depends on
who's talking about him what's the real
truth about Charles Foster Kane I wish
you'd come to this theater when Citizen
Kane plays here and decide for yourself
and